com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/di/NetworkModule_ProvideProductApiServiceFactory.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.di.NetworkModule_ProvideProductApiServiceFactory
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/di/NetworkModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.di.NetworkModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.di.NetworkModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory$InstanceHolder
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/productdetail/ProductDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.productdetail.ProductDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/domain/products/ProductsUseCase_Factory.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.domain.products.ProductsUseCase_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_presentation_productdetail_ProductDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_presentation_productdetail_ProductDetailFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/databinding/ProductListItemBinding.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.databinding.ProductListItemBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/databinding/ProductListFragmentBinding.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.databinding.ProductListFragmentBinding
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/products/Hilt_ProductListFragment.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.products.Hilt_ProductListFragment
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/databinding/ProductListFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.databinding.ProductListFragmentBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_di_DataSourceModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_di_DataSourceModule
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/main/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.main.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.main.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/di/App_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.di.App_GeneratedInjector
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_di_App.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_di_App
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_di_NetworkModule
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/data/products/ProductsDataSourceImpl_Factory.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.data.products.ProductsDataSourceImpl_Factory
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/productdetail/ProductDetailViewModel_Factory.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.productdetail.ProductDetailViewModel_Factory
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/core/platform/BaseActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.core.platform.BaseActivity_MembersInjector
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/main/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.main.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/domain/productdetail/ProductDetailUseCase_Factory.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.domain.productdetail.ProductDetailUseCase_Factory
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/productdetail/Hilt_ProductDetailFragment.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.productdetail.Hilt_ProductDetailFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_presentation_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_presentation_main_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/databinding/ProductListItemBindingImpl.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.databinding.ProductListItemBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_di_App_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_di_App_GeneratedInjector
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/productdetail/ProductDetailFragmentArgs.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.productdetail.ProductDetailFragmentArgs
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.productdetail.ProductDetailFragmentArgs$1
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.productdetail.ProductDetailFragmentArgs$Builder
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/BR.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.BR
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/BuildConfig.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.BuildConfig
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/products/ProductListFragmentViewModel_Factory.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.products.ProductListFragmentViewModel_Factory
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/databinding/ProductDetailFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.databinding.ProductDetailFragmentBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_presentation_products_ProductListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_presentation_products_ProductListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/products/ProductListFragmentDirections.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.products.ProductListFragmentDirections
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.products.ProductListFragmentDirections$1
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.products.ProductListFragmentDirections$NavigateToProductDetail
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/Hilt_HiltTestActivity.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.Hilt_HiltTestActivity
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.Hilt_HiltTestActivity$1
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/products/ProductListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.products.ProductListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/core/platform/BaseFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.core.platform.BaseFragment_MembersInjector
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/databinding/ProductDetailFragmentBinding.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.databinding.ProductDetailFragmentBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/di/NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
com/dogancankilic/kotlinbase/presentation/main/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.main.MainViewModel_Factory
 com.dogancankilic.kotlinbase.presentation.main.MainViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_dogancankilic_kotlinbase_HiltTestActivity_GeneratedInjector
